python3 collectModuli.py 1024/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack1024-0 True
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack1024-1 True
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack1024-2 True
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack1024-3 True
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack1024-4 True
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack1024-5 True 
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack1024-6 True
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack1024-7 True 
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack1024-8 True 
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack1024-9 True
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/posCPPressureSweep/posMin-0 True
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/posCPPressureSweep/posMin-1 True 
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/posCPPressureSweep/posMin-2 True 
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/posCPPressureSweep/posMin-3 True
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/posCPPressureSweep/posMin-4 True 
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/posCPPressureSweep/posMin-5 True 
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/posCPPressureSweep/posMin-6 True
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/posCPPressureSweep/posMin-7 True 
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/posCPPressureSweep/posMin-8 True 
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/posCPPressureSweep/posMin-9 True

python3 collectModuli.py 64/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack64 10
python3 collectModuli.py 128/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack128 10
python3 collectModuli.py 256/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack256 10
python3 collectModuli.py 512/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack512 10
python3 collectModuli.py 1024/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack1024 10
python3 collectModuli.py 2048/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack2048 10
python3 collectModuli.py 4096/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack4096 10
python3 collectModuli.py 8192/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack8192 10
python3 collectModuli.py 16384/radCPPressureSweep/idealPack16384 10